So this is, anyway, this is my mother-in-law's diary.
What's her name?
Marion Cartwright.
Well Marion did this one.
Yes.
So what can you do?
Well, this one is from 1940 and it's February to, I think, about April.
And she was nursing behind, oh no, it goes all the way through the year, February to November.
She nursed in the desert, this was when she was in Libya.
And she was right, you know, casualty clearing station, so I was taking casualties straight from the battle.
And we've got a whole series of them all through the war.
And she's serviced all through the war.
I mean, my husband keeps saying we're going to transcribe them one of these days, but it's quite dense.
And I'm interested to have some advice really on where it would be sensible to deposit them really so that they're looked after.
Or in the interim period before I can persuade my husband to deposit them, how to go about concerning them.
Yes, that's right.
Well, you know, certainly Mike will be happy to tell you about that.
Can we have a look at them?
Yes, of course.
So how many are there in the series?
I think we've got about seven or eight.
And she only used small books.